net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/tweaks/MixinEntityFX.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.tweaks.MixinEntityFX
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinPlayerControllerMP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinPlayerControllerMP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiMultiplayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiMultiplayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinMovementInput.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinMovementInput
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiButtonExt.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiButtonExt
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockSlime.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockSlime
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiContainer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiContainer
net/vitox/Particle.java
 net.vitox.Particle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinVisGraph.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinVisGraph
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelBiped.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelBiped
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderEntityItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderEntityItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/animations/impl/SmoothStepAnimation.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.animations.impl.SmoothStepAnimation
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiDisconnected.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiDisconnected
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/animations/impl/EaseBackIn.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.animations.impl.EaseBackIn
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinItemRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinItemRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityRendererDispatcher.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityRendererDispatcher
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiChat.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiChat
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityLivingBase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityLivingBase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiAchievement.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiAchievement
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinFontRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinFontRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/tweaks/MixinAnvilChunkLoader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.tweaks.MixinAnvilChunkLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRendererLivingEntity.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRendererLivingEntity
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiScreenOptionsSoundsButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiScreenOptionsSoundsButton
net/vitox/particle/util/RenderUtils.java
 net.vitox.particle.util.RenderUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiTextField.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiTextField
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/simulation/SimulatedPlayerJavaExtensions.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.simulation.SimulatedPlayerJavaExtensions
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerArmorBase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerArmorBase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityPlayerSP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityPlayerSP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetworkManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetworkManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetworkPlayerInfo.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetworkPlayerInfo
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiPlayerTabOverlay.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiPlayerTabOverlay
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiSlider.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiSlider
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/handler/payload/ClientBrandRetriever.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.handler.payload.ClientBrandRetriever
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/animations/Direction.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.animations.Direction
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGui.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGui
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/world/MixinWorldClient.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.world.MixinWorldClient
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinEffectRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinEffectRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/normal/TimerUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.normal.TimerUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiNewChat.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiNewChat
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/block/MinecraftWorldProvider.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.block.MinecraftWorldProvider
net/vitox/ParticleGenerator.java
 net.vitox.ParticleGenerator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelPlayerFix.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelPlayerFix
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiEditSign.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiEditSign
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinGameSettings.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinGameSettings
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/world/MixinWorld.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.world.MixinWorld
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinEntityRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinEntityRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetHandlerPlayClient
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockModelRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockModelRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/packets/MixinC00Handshake.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.packets.MixinC00Handshake
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlock.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlock
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/MixinLoader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.MixinLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/Stencil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.Stencil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiSlot.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiSlot
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderGlobal.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderGlobal
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinInventoryPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinInventoryPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/render/StencilUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.render.StencilUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiOverlayDebug.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiOverlayDebug
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiOverlayDebug$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntity.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntity
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinProfiler.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinProfiler
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiIngameMenu.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiIngameMenu
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiKeyBindingList.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiKeyBindingList
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRender.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRender
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/tweaks/MixinMinecraftServer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.tweaks.MixinMinecraftServer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiOptionSlider.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiOptionSlider
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiConnecting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiConnecting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinAbstractClientPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinAbstractClientPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiInGame.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiInGame
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/resources/MixinSkinManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.resources.MixinSkinManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinMixinItemStack.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinMixinItemStack
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/script/remapper/injection/transformers/AbstractJavaLinkerTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.script.remapper.injection.transformers.AbstractJavaLinkerTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/world/MixinChunk.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.world.MixinChunk
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockSoulSand.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockSoulSand
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityItemStackRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityItemStackRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/transformers/ForgeNetworkTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.transformers.ForgeNetworkTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockLadder.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockLadder
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/render/DrRenderUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.render.DrRenderUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinResourcePackRepository.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinResourcePackRepository
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/animations/impl/DecelerateAnimation.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.animations.impl.DecelerateAnimation
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiDownloadTerrain.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiDownloadTerrain
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockAnvil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockAnvil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinMinecraft.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinMinecraft
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinServerSelectionList.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinServerSelectionList
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityChestRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityChestRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/fdpdropdown/utils/animations/impl/EaseInOutQuad.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.fdpdropdown.utils.animations.impl.EaseInOutQuad
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiSpectator.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiSpectator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerHeldItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerHeldItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinMovementInputFromOptions.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinMovementInputFromOptions
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinItemRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItemRenderer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItemRenderer$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiScreen.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiScreen
